Who dares to make trouble with me?
Darling, you're finally here
It's them who make trouble
Look at him.
He hit me. Look
Honey, are you alright?
It hurts, please help them take revenge
What's the matter, you're the only one
How dare you make trouble here in my fucking place
Someone bring me to the security department
Xiaoyan, is this your boyfriend?
You have the nerve to say that we are being raised
You are the one who is being cared for, right?
You fart
I'm flying with us, but it's true love
Okay, don't explain to them
Dare to make trouble on my turf
Dare to hit people
Security took them to me
Hey, he was the one who killed the man first
I just hit him
We are here to consume
This is how you treat your customers, right?
What kind of customers are they?
To them
They're not here to buy a car
Dear, um.
That guy is a thug who runs a food stall
How can you possibly afford a car?
Dear, you must believe me.
You help me out of this breath
I'll treat you good evening
So brave
Dare to make trouble in my car dealership
Security took them to me